INTRODUCTION

MMSC-GSNI is a modified method of similarity construction and the
Gaver-Stehfest numerical inversion (MMSC-GSNI) algorithm program for
solving fractal composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type
elastic outer boundary conditions.

The projection contains 12 files:posimn.m, beat1.m, epsilon.m, CDE2S.m,
lambda.m, r1.m, RD.m, sigma.m, df1.m, df2.m, theta1.m, theta2.m.

posimn.m is a function file,This function is mainly used to simplify the
expression of bottomhole pressure in in fractal composite reservoir
seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer boundary conditions.

beat1.m, epsilon.m, CDE2S.m, lambda.m, r1.m, RD.m, sigma.m, df1.m,
df2.m, theta1.m and theta2.m are all command files. Their main purposes
are to use MMSC-GSNI algorithm to obtain non-dimensional bottomhole
pressures and their derivatives in fractal composite reservoir seepage
model with polynomial type elastic outer boundary conditions under
different quadratic pressure gradients, non-dimensional elasticity ,
non-dimensional skin factor and wellbore storage parameter cluster,
non-dimensional coefficient lambda, non-dimensional inner radius,
non-dimensional outer radius, non-dimensional parameter sigma,
non-dimensional fractal dimension of the inner region, non-dimensional
fractal dimension of the outer region, non-dimensional fractal index
number of the inner region and non-dimensional fractal index number of
the outer region.

TEST DATA

Command files beat1.m, epsilon.m, CDE2S.m, lambda.m, r1.m, RD.m,
sigma.m, df1.m, df2.m, theta1.m and theta2.m already contain test data,
which can be directly run to obtain test results.

USAGE

For users with MATLAB:

\(1\) Open beat1.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different quadratic pressure gradients.

\(2\) Open epsilon.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional elasticity.

\(3\) Open CDE2S.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional skin factor and
wellbore storage parameter cluster.

\(4\) Open lambda.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional coefficient lambda.

\(5\) Open r1.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional inner radius.

\(6\) Open RD.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional outer radius.

\(7\) Open sigma.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional parameter sigma.

\(8\) Open df1.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional fractal dimensions
of the inner region.

\(9\) Open df2.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional fractal dimensions
of the outer region.

\(10\) Open theta1.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional fractal indexes of
the inner region.

\(11\) Open theta2.m, click \"run\" on the menu above MATLAB to start
running, the program ends, and a figure pops up, which shows
non-dimensional bottomhole pressure and its derivative cures in fractal
composite reservoir seepage model with polynomial type elastic outer
boundary conditions under different non-dimensional fractal indexes of
the outer region.
